dropbox_datetime:true
// Zoom 0-100
zoom:0
motion_value:25
ftp_dir:/webcam_ghi
email_host:smtp.gmail.com
// Triggered by Intent Broadcast
cam_broadcast_activation:
ftp_keep_open:false
// use camera autofocus
autofocus_operation:ON
store_gps:false
// Brightness
night_autobrightnessadd:64.0
// White Balance
whitebalance:auto
picture_autorotate:false
// email photo action triggered
email_external_trigger:false
// Focus Mode
focus:infinity
// upload to ftp
ftpserver_upload:true
// Night Start
night_starttime:00:00
ftpserver_url:www.caisovico.it
// Night End
night_endtime:00:00
// Zoom Wait
cam_zoomwait:false
// download stamp picture
imprint_picture_url:
// Scene Mode
scenemode_night:auto
cam_passiveftp:true
// Dropbox Batch Upload
dropbox_batchupload:1
// Title
imprint_text:M.te Disgrazia dal Rif. del Grande Camerini SERVIZIO GLACIOLOGICO LOMBARDO
// rotate picture to portrait
picture_rotate:false
// FTP reliable upload
ftp_batchalways:false
// upload to dropbox
dropbox_upload:false
motion_change:15
// Contrast
night_autocontrastfactor:3.0
imprint_gps:false
// Custom Picture Size Width
picture_size_custom_w:3264
dropbox_filenames:false
secondary_sd:false
dropbox_every:1
// Cam Delay ms
cam_openeddelay:1000
// no dark/night picture upload.
night_detect:false
// how to show current location
gps_imprint_location:NONE
cam_email:
mobilewebcam_enabled:true
// flashlight enabled
cam_flash:false
// stretch stamp picture
imprint_picture_stretch:false
email_pausetime:300
cam_login:
cam_front:false
// Time End
activity_endtime:22:5
// Scenemode
night_autoscenemode:night
// Refresh Duration
cam_refresh:7200
dropbox_keepoldpics:0
cam_filenames:false
// Skip Corrupted Upload
skip_corrupted:false
// low battery pause
lowbattery_pause:true
// motion detection enabled
motion_detect:false
cam_url:.
ftp_password:caiwebcam
email_port:465
// stamp picture over photo
imprint_picture:false
server_every:1
// Effect
coloreffect:none
ftp_login:webcam@caisovico.it
cam_datetime:false
// Custom Picture Size Height
picture_size_custom_h:2448
reboot:0
// FTP Batch Upload
ftp_batchupload:1
use_sftp:false
cam_filename_datetime:false
imprint_statusinfo:
// Time Start
activity_starttime:10:0
// email intent broadcast received
email_android_broadcast:false
// Zoom 0-100
zoom_night:0
// recolor ir light pictures
night_ir_light:false
mail_every:1
// Whitebalance
night_autoswhitebalance:incandescent
// Scene Mode
scenemode:landscape
cam_emailsubject:
// Picture Size
picture_size_sel:5
store_every:1
ftp_port:21
cam_intents_repeat:1
ftp_keepoldpics:0
dropbox_defaultname:current.jpg
picture_compression:100
// Exposure Compensation
exposurecompensation_night:50
sdcard_dir:/MobileWebCam/
// Green
night_autogreenfactor:0.05
// send log
log_upload:true
// White Balance
whitebalance_night:auto
sdcard_keepoldpics:0
// http website post
server_upload:false
email_sender:
dropbox_dir:/test/
imprint_datetimeformat:dd/MM/yyyy   HH:mm
// Time between events
eventtrigger_pausetime:0
// automatic night detection
night_auto_config:false
// flip picture
picture_flip:false
// Focus Mode
focus_night:fixed
// reload stamp picture
imprint_picture_refresh:false
email_ssl:false
// email picture
cam_mailphoto:false
// Exposure
night_autoexposure:100
// Exposure Compensation
exposurecompensation:50
email_password:
ftp_every:1
// flashlight enabled
cam_flash_night:false
ftpserver_defaultname:fotoghiacciaio.jpg
cam_password:x
// auto brightness for night pictures
night_autobright:false
motion_keepalive_refresh:0
// Effect
coloreffect_night:none
// store on SDCard
cam_storepictures:false
